MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 xPOURY4 | TheRealPourya

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

DISCLAIMER: This software is for educational purposes only. Trading forex, 
cryptocurrencies, or any financial instruments carries a high level of risk 
and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can 
work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade, you should 
carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk 
appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all 
of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you 
cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with 
trading and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any 
doubts.